well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today's gonna be a little bit
different today we're going to engage in
a
thought exercise of sorts today we're
going to talk about something that
everybody really but specifically
republicans
should do before november 2nd
help them play out their part help them
do their part to make sure
the united states gets on the right
track to make sure the united states
maintains
at least some semblance of a
semi-functioning semi-healthy
representative democracy
if you are a republican i want you to
picture
aoc and pelosi think about their ideas
their policies
and i want you to come up with a few
that you agree with
i know sounds weird right if you are new
to the channel if you do not know me
understand that i believe that president
trump
is quite literally the worst president
in american history
he he's he's just awful
that being said i can think of a couple
of major
policy things that i agree with him on
i think the second amendment's important
probably more so than he does
i think it was a good idea to reach out
to kim
try to normalize relations i think that
was a good move
granted i think he probably should have
sent a diploma at
because he was in way over his head and
that's why it failed
but i think the idea was good and think
about that
i'm somebody who believes he's literally
the worst president in history
and here's a failure of his
i don't point to it and say ha he's even
worse than i thought
he just wasn't up to the task the idea
may still be sound
the united states requires advanced
citizenship
you have to think for yourself
and if you believe your chosen
politician is always right
and therefore their political opposition
is always wrong
you aren't part of a political party
you're part of a cult
ideas stand and fall on their
own doesn't matter who says it
who presents it who came up with it
the idea is either good or bad stands on
its own merits
so if you can find nothing
that uh you agree with aoc or pelosi on
what does that tell you are you judging
their policies their ideas on their
merits or are you judging
based on where they originated if you
believe
the president is always right
do you really agree with his policies or
have you fallen for a call to
personality
if you can't come up with anything that
you agree with
when it comes to any democrat
i'm going to suggest that your
decision-making is compromised
and that maybe you shouldn't be making
any decisions for a while
because you're under somebody's spell
because you are part of that cult
personality
if the united states is to remain
we have to remember that there are
representatives not our rulers
they follow your lead not the other way
around
that means you have to determine whether
or not the idea
stands or falls and you have to
determine that based on the merits of
the idea
not the political party if you are
only looking at the political party you
are not doing your part
as an american you are not doing your
part as a thinking person
you have given up and you are giving up
the united states
with it don't fall in line
think for yourself judge these ideas
these policies
on their merits anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day